README.md, before:

# MangoDash
---
MangoDash is a java project that allows users to link their social media accounts to view key insights, statistics, and graphs. 

## 🥭 Inspiration
We wanted to create a simple and intuitive way for social media influencers to track their analytics all in one place. MangoDash allows for the potential to perform cross platform comparisons, and to track growth over time.

## 🔍 What it does
Users can signup or create a new account within our database, using their facebook or instagram API key. Then they are able to quickly view stats such as their friend count, total likes, average likes, max likes, total comments, average comments, max comments along with bar graphs of their likes and comments per post.

## 🛠️ Installation
1. Clone the repository
```
git clone https://github.com/Burakkey/MangoDash.git
cd MangoDash
```
2. Open up the application in a java editor such as Intelliji
3. Run the Main file under src/app/Main.java

## 🧰 Usage Instructions
1. Sign up for a new account or login
2. Head to the extensions tab
3. Copy in your Facebook or Instagram Access Token -> instruction on how to get your api token here (link to come)
4. Click "Save Changes"
5. Head to the Home tab and click the social media you want to view the stats of

<img width="1193" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Burakkey/MangoDash/assets/44077856/b4fbcf4b-9504-4bbc-b511-34e42ae8d722">
Extensions tab with the API keys

<img width="1193" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Burakkey/MangoDash/assets/44077856/72285faf-d545-44f6-ab8d-0f16714b45e4">
Home page before clicking into the statistics

<img width="1193" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Burakkey/MangoDash/assets/44077856/207d0f46-f5cc-44ab-967d-351a724c42e0">
Opening up the Facebook statistics

## ⛵ What's next for MangoDash
Features we'd like to implement into MangoDash in the future
- [ ] More social media platforms (currently we only integrate with facebook or instagram)
- [ ] Simplify API Token process (streamline the process to get the API key for the user, perhaps logging into the platform through MangoDash)
- [ ] Add more statistics (adding a page to look at general statistics cross platforms, tracking average like growth over time etc)
- [ ] Adding a ranking system

Commit message:

Update README.md - contributers, tests, license

README.md, after:

# MangoDash
---
MangoDash is a java project that allows users to link their social media accounts to view key insights, statistics, and graphs. 

## 🥭 Inspiration
We wanted to create a simple and intuitive way for social media influencers to track their analytics all in one place. MangoDash allows for the potential to perform cross platform comparisons, and to track growth over time.

## 🔍 What it does
Users can signup or create a new account within our database, using their facebook or instagram API key. Then they are able to quickly view stats such as their friend count, total likes, average likes, max likes, total comments, average comments, max comments along with bar graphs of their likes and comments per post.

## 🛠️ Installation
1. Clone the repository
```
git clone https://github.com/Burakkey/MangoDash.git
cd MangoDash
```
2. Open up the application in a java editor such as Intelliji
3. Run the Main file under src/app/Main.java

## 🧰 Usage Instructions
1. Sign up for a new account or login
2. Head to the extensions tab
3. Copy in your Facebook or Instagram Access Token -> instruction on how to get your api token here (link to come)
4. Click "Save Changes"
5. Head to the Home tab and click the social media you want to view the stats of

<img width="1193" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Burakkey/MangoDash/assets/44077856/b4fbcf4b-9504-4bbc-b511-34e42ae8d722">
Extensions tab with the API keys

<img width="1193" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Burakkey/MangoDash/assets/44077856/72285faf-d545-44f6-ab8d-0f16714b45e4">
Home page before clicking into the statistics

<img width="1193" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Burakkey/MangoDash/assets/44077856/207d0f46-f5cc-44ab-967d-351a724c42e0">
Opening up the Facebook statistics

## ⛵ What's next for MangoDash
Features we'd like to implement into MangoDash in the future
- [ ] More social media platforms (currently we only integrate with facebook or instagram)
- [ ] Simplify API Token process (streamline the process to get the API key for the user, perhaps logging into the platform through MangoDash)
- [ ] Add more statistics (adding a page to look at general statistics cross platforms, tracking average like growth over time etc)
- [ ] Adding a ranking system

### 🫂 Contributers

### 🧪 Tests
Tests and how to run them

##### 📃 License
MangoDash is licensed under the MIT License. Feel free to use, modify, and distribute the code for your own purposes.
